Update-project-setup (#6007)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/lib-v1/project-setup/create-application/q/platform/[platform].mdx

<InlineFilter filters={['js']}>

> import js0 from '/src/fragments/lib-v1/start/getting-started/angular/setup.mdx';

Reviewer: are these fragments used elsewhere? If not, then can you also commit the file deletions? #defrag

```javascript
"polyfills": [
  "zone.js",
  "src/polyfills.ts"
],
```

And finally, make sure to add `src/polyfills` to files in your `tsconfig.app.json`:

```javascript
{
  "files": [
    "src/main.ts",
    "src/polyfills.ts"
  ],
}
```
</Block>

<Block name="Angular 10-14">

Add the following to your `src/polyfills.ts` file to recreate them: 

```javascript
(window as any).global = window;
(window as any).process = {
  env: { DEBUG: undefined },
};
```

</Block>

</BlockSwitcher>

</Block>

<Block name="ReactJS">

To get started, first create a new React app using Vite, and then install and use the Amplify CLI to start adding backend capabilities to your app.

From your projects directory, run the following commands and follow the prompts:

```bash
npm create vite@latest
```
This creates a new React app in a new directory. Navigate to your new directory and run the app by using the following command:

```bash
cd <your project directory>
```

Then, install your dependencies and run the development server by running the following command:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

This runs a development server and see preview your app locally.

</Block>

<Block name="VueJS">

> Use the Vue Vite powered `create-app` to bootstrap a new Vue 3 app (selecting the defaults will work for this project):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the Vue Vite powered `create-app` to bootstrap a new Vue 3 app (select required configuration, selecting the defaults as an example for this project):
```

Reviewer 2: nit, please feel free to ignore if it doesn't make sense

Author: Committed the change!

Project information
| Name: nextamplified
| Environment: dev
| Default editor: Visual Studio Code
| App type: javascript
| Javascript framework: <detected framework>
| Source Directory Path: src
| Distribution Directory Path: build
| Build Command: npm run-script build
| Start Command: npm run-script start

? Initialize the project with the above configuration? Yes
Using default provider  awscloudformation
? Select the authentication method you want to use: AWS profile

For more information on AWS Profiles, see:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-profiles.html

? Please choose the profile you want to use default
```

When you initialize a new Amplify project, a few things happen:

- It creates a top level directory called `amplify` that stores your backend
definition. During the tutorial you'll add capabilities such as a GraphQL API
and authentication. As you add features, the `amplify` folder will grow with
infrastructure-as-code templates that define your backend stack.
Infrastructure-as-code is a best practice way to create a replicable backend stack.
- It creates a file called `amplifyconfiguration.json` in the `src` directory that holds

> all the configuration for the services you create with Amplify. This is how the

Reviewer 3: nit - should this be starting a new line?

Amplify client is able to get the necessary information about your backend services.
- It modifies the `.gitignore` file, adding some generated files to the ignore list
- A cloud project is created for you in the AWS Amplify Console that can be
accessed by running `amplify console`. The Console provides a list of backend
environments, deep links to provisioned resources per Amplify category, status
of recent deployments, and instructions on how to promote, clone, pull, and delete

> backend resources

Reviewer 3: nit - needs a period.

> backend resources

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
backend resources.
```
